hi friends from youtube i am your friend
shopper point I am new in the world of
the theories and the videos this is my
first video in which I will present you
some theories that I have been analyzing
a time and that many have already given their
point of view I do not intend to copy them
but maybe they are something similar
starting with the issues clarified is only
my point of view but sorry if I
I go a lot to the impossible well let's start
the four theories of which I will speak
will be the hack and the king the scar
fox the heritage of the users here
hand my the break of the leg of
shanghai and lucy's biological brother
hahahaha they will say that blowjob this wey
is just beginning to make videos and
he is already inventing a brother to lucy
hahahaha that blowjob but I clarify them only
is my point of view since I listen for
there that in an interview ode said that
lutfi was not the only biological son of
dragon so I decided to theorize a little
to know that there are good about
three types of hack and hack and of
observation the armor and the hack and
King
but we will focus on the hack and the king
So far we know that this hack and not
is very common since only one person in
a million is born with this power to many
maybe they have been disappointed by this power
since many characters are coming out
that dominate him but I think that is
well since we are talking about the new
world and there must be many characters
powerful would be a blowjob that now
will only present us with characters from a
level of fight medium but here comes
my theory they only said that very few
people are born with this power but not
They said that others could not
wake him up then I think that forum does not
was born with that hack and but because of its
great will and its immense strength what
woke up in a railey chapter and tells you
to lucy that the most powerful people
have had that power called me the
attention as you relate bull the
commander of the big moon that looks like an egg
and that I do not remember his name and
probably sanji but he passed the stage
the eye they all have a scar
thin in his eye my theory is based on
I think that they were not born with
that power but they have managed to awaken it
for his immense strength and will
but because of that they have to
sacrifice with a scar on the eye
as well as those that you do not
belongs the blue amateur and when
he just inherited it hitachi when using it
the eye bled but we already saw that he managed
master it or almost with the death eye
as it does not belong to him when he uses the eye
gets tired much more and has less power
that death and that's why forum not yet
open the eye since it still does not dominate well
and if I opened it I would keep it active and that
it would cause it unlike the uci he
I already brought it by default and this one could
master him very fast I think that alone
woke him up when he fought with the
gorillas those haha ​​since they were the most
great and one of those imitated the best
swordsman in the world and seeing no
could beat him and be on the verge of losing
against them in a desperate way what
woke up and intimidated the baboons
leaving them unconscious and bloody
We saw her wake up her
powers of absurd ways then
being him on the island of the bear beds
after awakening the porous beds
they managed to grab him and this desperate
the hack awoke and the king hahaha what
blowjob but talking about blood and everything is
credible
going to the second theory the inheritance
from yacuma users I do not think that
about this there are several doubts since
several of us have asked ourselves what is happening
when a user has a child this one
born with the power but still being able
swim well I think that this one
born with some of that power but
obviously with a minimum part so
retain the ability to swim for me
the best candidate is angie in one part
lucy since as we see here you can
turn on and that's very illogical even in
the world of a piece since if it were
only by its enormous strength the human sac
my existence would not make sense to me
so everyone could acquire their power and
keep swimming and my name is even more
Attention when sanllehí became
stone since chopper if he killed him and not
it was just something expressive to what chopper
He said this is new it must have been for his
donors so I think one of your
donors or beds was a user of one for
rocking or something related to the
rock and he passed some of his power like this
that I believe that one of his parents
saunier have users of some fruit of
lava fire
some hot I lean more for the
mere mere hahaha they will say that blowjob
but it's my point of view and in light and
something similar happened when I fought with
Jodi is rubber and as much as he
will heat in your veins I do not think it will
light your arm for your skill and
which is rubber and the rubber is supposed to be
weak to fire so I think one of
his parents was also a user of a
hot fruit going to the third
theory the breaking of Sanyo's leg
and as we saw in the fight against cock
sanz and apparently splintered the
leg bone
Many have commented that this will lose it
as well as red leg but that remains
clear what red leg he lost because
he had to save blood and his leg
got stuck so he had to cut it
I believe that his new skill that will be
the one that his donors inherited from him
turn some parts of the stone into stone
body and these wrap them with hat and
only in that way could I continue to fight
in the future when they meet with a
young today since with opponents of that
level I do not think I can fight in that
been unless chopper heals and
as a last theory the biological brother
of lucy
as I read in an interview oda said that
the one fine was his only biological son
of dragon maybe this is not true
but I decided to theorize something about it
for me the only ones that I think there are
the possibility that they are brothers are
sunday and robin because sanji as he and
lutfi are the only ones who can
turn on and that's not your skill like that
that maybe his lutfi mom had the
mere mere and I will inherit a little from your
power to both since as we saw in the
fight with jodi at the moment the uci
he lights his arm appears aes and because
robin since already comparing with dragon if
they have something similar apart you have to
take into account that she was with
dragon two years and could have told him
there he told him to wait for the
moment to tell it to light and good
so far with my theories I hope that
you liked any comment
negative or positive are free
put them down thank you and subscribe
regards